hello everyone today i will cook
salad called neptune
for its preparation we need
shrimp shrimp already cleaned done
cleaned mean shrimp 300 grams
I took a kilo and a half that's just
semi part here I mean two three
4 5 six 7 such testicles
such a small medium half a kilo
Squid I also took them boiled
squid means some water boiled I and
salted and literally in boiling water
threw two minutes all at once became
crab sticks crab sticks I have
here 300 grams of mayonnaise and red caviar
it means squid I cut right away
cleaned cut the testicles with chopped
a knife
and will cut squid and will connect as
it means the egg I already chopped
such pieces are not very small
crab sticks cut too
in chunks
not so just spending pieces
cut now i will collect the salad
I will just connect it all
ingredients we combine together believe
it means nightmares and I am the door and
mixed and
that many crabs are poured here
how would we sleep this big bowl
i eat i connect to
Hello everyone right now, I will not mix anything
because I ca n't survive you
salad bowls
sticks add and if I take mayonnaise
such a camel fat mayo then in 72
the percentage of fat on the salad I do not
add some salt like crab sticks
Salem mayonnaise salted squid I cooked
salty water hi kia brewed
salted water and red beauty
requires the same strong and first
neatly so that the eggs do not turn
such a mess
salad dressing
not much we do i did for christmas
this salad is very pleasant for us
we decided to try this again
his ingredients do not have a husband
more all now add red
a whole jar game here is just very
gently mix
so that the red caviar does not burst very
very neat it is a beautiful salad he
very tasty
appliances grandfathers that I listed
it turns out full and very tasty
an hour and put the pipes in the fridge
salad fridge so he would
cold cold tastier to eat
enjoy your meal
try very tasty